###I use multi-processes to implement concurrrency in the server side!


Files Introduction
-----

###There are 11 souce code files:

>1. Client.c > main file for Client      
>2. Server.c > main file for Server     
>3. ClientFunc.c > some important functions for Client wrapped here (Especially functions for commands)
>4. ClientFunc.h > head file for ClientFunc.c
>5. ServerFunc.c > some important functions for Server wrapped here (Especially functions for commands)
>6. ServerFunc.h > head file for ServerFunc.c
>7. Common.c > format check for commands (Both Client and Server use this file)
>8. Common.h > head file for Common.c
>9. wrapsock.c > wrap socket functions with error check inside, so when use socket function, we will no long do error check
>10. wrapsock.h > head file for wrapsock.c
>11. protocol.h > functions for messages, packets, frame, streams, and functions used to convert one to another. Data Link layer, Network Layer and Physical Layer are implemented here.

###How to run it
>1. Complie:    
>>a. Find the right directory and type `make` into Terminal, then you can get the executable files named Client and Server    
>>b. You can type `make clean` to remove the object files and executable files which are generated by command `make`, so that you can re-compile this project.     
   
>2. Run:   
>>a. Run Server: Type `./Server` to run server    
>>b. Run Client: Type `./Client IP_Address` to run client, then you can input different command to do diffeent things.    
>>>* The port we use here is 5000.       
>>>* There is a test account: `login hzhou 950288`   

###Command Support 
>1. Register userName password     
>>If you do not have your account, you can use "Register" command to create one for yourself(Be sure to keep your password for your account).     
>2. Login userName password
	>Since you already have your account, you can use "login" command to log on.
3. ModifyPwd oldPassword newPassword
	>You know, when you feel bored with your password, you can change it with this command
4. Download fileName
	>Since Server will never send Client files automatically, so you need this command to download files from Server
5. Delete fileName
	>Delete the file in the server side, as you like
6. Synchronize [We recommend you re-login after this command executed]
	>batch upload, if some files have been updated after last "Synchronize"
7. List
	>See your file in the server side
8. Help
	>If you don't this system well, you can use "help" command to help you know it better
9. Quit
	>After you finish everything, you can exit with "quit" command
10. Send fileName
	>single file sent to Server
11. clear
	>Clear everything from the screen, 
12. clsRecords
	>Remove records from the client configure file, so "Synchronize" command will upload *every* file to Server
13. show
	>Show the statistics of the frames

=== Accomplished Functions ===
1. We implemented all the commands described above.(But sometimes "synchronize", "download" break down. [Partially work])
2. We implemented the process: message -> packet -> frame -> stream (string) -> frame -> packet -> message. During the process, we also did stuffing and added Error Detection field(It is done in physical layer) to frame. (No Go Back N in final program, but we give an extra demo for that.)

=== Unaccomplished Functions ===
1. "Go Back N" works partially. (I believe that it happened because our wait_for_event() function couldn't work well.)
2. We didn't add "Go Back N" to our final project, but we can show a simple demo about our work for "Go Back N".

=== We are Team 10 ===
If you have anything confused, do not hesitate to contact me: hzhou@wpi.edu
